Enum style (#1731)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: CHANGELOG.md

- A few missing message operators to the C++98 API, such as `data`, `append`, `setFlag`, `checkFlag`, `sendMessageZeroCopy`
- Made the Message class return a self Reference for the setters
- A test to run the helics-broker executable as part of the CI tests

> - A bug in the HelicsBroker that no longer ran correct defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug in the helics_broker that no longer ran correct defaults
```

- A "version_all" query, to retrieve the version of HELICS in use for all cores/brokers, and a "version" query to retrieve the version of a specific target.
- A series of checks for markdown, spelling, shellcheck, python formatting, cpplint, end-of-line and automated generation of PR scripts for the formatting updates.
- Some level of automated scaling for benchmarks for small systems
- API functions for retrieving the build flags used to generate the library
- Some additional message interpreters to aid in debugging

> - A test using the standalone `HelicsBroker` to run an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A test using the standalone `helics_broker` to run an example
```

- Update FMT library to version 6.2.0
- The core and broker Factories use a map instead of a fixed list which is a step toward allowing user defined cores
- Updated CLI11 included code to customized version to allow configuration of cores and brokers through Json files

> - The ordering of the HELICS_ERROR_types enum is in ascending order

Author: ```suggestion
- The ordering of the `HelicsErrorTypes` enum is in ascending order
```

- a few possible race conditions found by thread-sanitizer
- cleared up a couple scenarios that were triggering occasional test failure in the system tests

> - `HelicsBroker` and `helics_app` were returning non-zero return values when `--version` or `--help` were used, they now return 0 in those cases

Author: ```suggestion
- `helics_broker` and `helics_app` were returning non-zero return values when `--version` or `--help` were used, they now return 0 in those cases
```

- working octave interface for Linux
- some additional tests for the shared library
- TOML readers for interface description in Federates

> - interactive command line for HelicsBroker

Author: ```suggestion
- interactive command line for helics_broker
```

- update cereal library with latest bug fixes
- update jsoncpp with latest version
- update cppzmq with the latest version

> - moved HelicsBroker executable code to the apps repository

Author: ```suggestion
- moved helics_broker executable code to the apps repository
```
